[SDK-4491] GIF Support on React Native (#7199)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/react_native/inapp_messages.md

For a full reference of button model, see the [Android][12] and [iOS][13] documentation.

## GIF Support

The Braze React Native SDK allows you to incorporate animated GIFs into your in-app messages, with distinct implementation methods for Android and iOS platforms.

{% tabs %}
{% tab Android %}

> On the Android SDK, HTML in-app messages support displaying animated GIFs by default. For all other in-app messages, a custom image library is required. For more details, refer to the guide for [GIFs](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/in-app_messaging/customization/gifs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Android SDK, HTML in-app messages support displaying animated GIFs by default. For all other in-app messages, a custom image library is required. For more details, refer to the guide for [GIFs]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/in-app_messaging/customization/gifs/).
```
